Document missed simple granularities (#12768)
apache/druid: docs/querying/granularities.md

Simple granularities are specified as a string and bucket timestamps by their UTC time (e.g., days start at 00:00 UTC).

> Supported granularity strings are: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid supports the following granularity strings: 
```

  - `all`
  - `none`
  - `second`
  - `minute`
  - `five_minute`
  - `ten_minute`
  - `fifteen_minute`
  - `thirty_minute`
  - `hour`
  - `six_hour`
  - `eight_hour`
  - `day`
  - `week`
  - `month`
  - `quarter` 
  - `year`

> NOTE

> > * `all` buckets everything into a single bucket

Reviewer 2: The basic behaviour of `all` and `none` should probably not be a side-note. 

We could maybe break this into two parts:
```
The supported simple granularity strings are as under. Each of these divide data into buckets of the respective size.
- `second`
- `minute`
- ...
- `year`

Special granularity strings:
- `all`: Puts everything into a single bucket
- `none`: Does not bucket data at all. Instead, it uses the granularity ...
```

It makes sense to make the following part a side note though:
```
Using `none` in a [TimeseriesQuery](../querying/timeseriesquery.md) is currently not recommended. This is because the system will try to generate 0 values for all milliseconds that didn’t exist, which is often a lot.
```

Reviewer 3: There appears to be a related change in #12712

FYI @vtlim

Author: @kfaraz Thanks for your suggestion. I adopted @vtlim 's suggestion to address your comment.

> > NOTE
> > * `all` buckets everything into a single bucket
> > * `none` does not bucket data (it actually uses the granularity of the index - minimum here is `none` which means millisecond granularity). Using `none` in a [TimeseriesQuery](../querying/timeseriesquery.md) is currently not recommended (the system will try to generate 0 values for all milliseconds that didn’t exist, which is often a lot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum and maximum granularities are `none` and `all`, described as follows:
* `all` buckets everything into a single bucket.
* `none` does not mean zero bucketing. It buckets data to millisecond granularity—the granularity of the internal index. You can think of `none` as equivalent to `millisecond`.
  > Do not use `none` in a [timeseries query](../querying/timeseriesquery.md); Druid fills empty interior time buckets with zeroes, meaning the output will contain results for every single millisecond in the requested interval.
```
